hi I'm Sean Penn and I'll be reading for
Robocop his methods are you know a bit
severe he does this thing called smack
ting the water's rising Martha you feel
it in you and I are drowning I don't
believe you do it again
the water's rising Martha and you and I
sorry your water the waters rising
Martha can you feel it and you and I are
drowning slowly good good the pool
noodle isn't the only way I can learn
with an actor like Sean sometimes one
must turn to unorthodox methods I'm Sean
Penn say it like you mean it
make love to the camera pick the camera
up take it to your room and make love to
it
and don't come back into your finish
well Jim's been my private coach for
years now comes to my house when I don't
have class scheduled he showers here he
eats my food and sleeps in a couch we're
out of Peter crackers sorry right when
I'm looking at actors I ask them one
question have you studied them to Kimmel
if the answer is yes we can talk if the
answer is no I tell Cuba Gooding jr. to
go acting requires movement movement
requires expression expression requires
presence and those who master presence
may embody any role from that of leading
man can I can I get out now did I tell
you to act like a chair breathing I mean
I've been in the class for two years and
you know I paid several thousands of
dollars in you know it just has me play
chairs and lamps you need to graduate
before I play people you know sir I've
been in movies you know like huge black
lamps don't talk I was there during
Damon's lampshade work it's referred to
as the lampshade class really
and there was Matt so beautifully still
and lamp like you know so realistic
early
I was never very good I had problems I
feel I'm still working on it we've got a
couple of classes when is it next
Thursday stand up and put your mouths on
each other
go ahead no kissing just mouth pudding
so you don't know questions I apologize
no kissing mouths now breathe your lines
to one another don't speed me hey
breathing
are you breathing you're not you're not
in love must be in love you're not in
love we are actually married you're not
married you're not married John I said
marry you know when he's right he's
right and dumb and sacrifices is art
I may be the dude but Jim is the dude
behind the dude not not in a gay way of
one dude behind another dude
I mean classes are expensive but Jim is
so generous if you can't pay he works
with you well he makes you work for him
I do his laundry I buy his groceries I
walk his piglets then away he has so
many but one never judges the master Jim
convinced me to take the role in milk
even though I'm lactose intolerant had
the gallon of milk a day it wasn't until
I read the script that I found out there
was no dairy involved like end of story
this guy right here I am embarrassed to
say last year I forgot to thank Jim in
my Oscar speech later that night after
the Vanity Fair party he followed me
home and bashed in all the windows of my
car as I deserved it I believe that men
were put upon this stage we audaciously
call earth to fill gaps between breaths
with insolence to enter to exit to speak
our truth to play our parts the baby's
role being suburbs mother
boys road to run to play the lover is
hot pipe pulsing
the warrior will battle do this is what
I believe this is what I will leave
behind I did it Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy I want
to play a person
you